Sister wait for me
What's the secret?
Here it is.
What is this?
Cash, give it to this young master
I'll go.
The princess must know that I have come to the Red Dust Pavilion
You came to catch me yourself, didn't you?
Girl, you have to testify for me
I didn't expect there to be such a talented person in the palace
Even the wife
What is fear
Then respect respect
younger sister
This brothel is not a place where a woman can go
I'll go in and show you my brother-in-law
What are you angry about?
Yo my good brother-in-law
I just picked up the concubine for a few days
You dare to come to this place of fireworks alone to have fun
Yeah.
I said I'm here for Narrow Bank, believe it or not?